# Troubleshooting Table

### Troubleshooting <a href="#_toc84500407" id="_toc84500407"></a>

While running, if any process error should occur, the _Error Codes_ section of the interface will contain an error code. Also, during an error, the red light next to the \[_**START PLASMA**_] button will be lit. This light will not change after acknowledgement of an error code_._ Either starting plasma again or resetting the system will clear this red light. See **Table 3** for a list of all error codes with descriptions for the error.

<table data-header-hidden><thead><tr><th width="387"></th><th></th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td><strong>Error Message</strong></td><td><strong>Description</strong></td></tr><tr><td>No PURGE N2</td><td>Gas flow from Valve 5 - Nitrogen is not detected.</td></tr><tr><td>No Heartbeat</td><td>The communication from the controller to the PC has been interrupted.</td></tr><tr><td>MFC_1 Low Flow</td><td>Gas flow from MFC #1 is not detected, or the combined Gas flow of MFC 1 &#x26; MFC 2 does need meet the minimum flow requirement.</td></tr><tr><td>MFC_2 Low Flow</td><td>Gas flow from MFC #2 is not detected.</td></tr><tr><td>MFC_3 Low Flow</td><td>Gas flow from MFC #3 is not detected.</td></tr><tr><td>MFC_4 Low Flow</td><td>Gas flow from MFC #4 is not detected.</td></tr><tr><td>BAD HELIUM</td><td>Helium flow has gone below 5 SLPM.</td></tr><tr><td>ESTOP ACTIVE</td><td>The Emergency Stop has been activated. The System must be restarted.</td></tr><tr><td>MFC Comms Down</td><td>The communications from the MFC to the controller has been interrupted.</td></tr><tr><td>Power Fwd Low</td><td>RF power is running to low.</td></tr><tr><td>Head Too Hot</td><td>Plasma head temperature over 60c, snap switch has activated ESTOP</td></tr><tr><td>Laser Tripped</td><td>Collisions Sensor System was active and the system stopped the stage from colliding with the Plasma Head.</td></tr></tbody></table>

Table 3: Error Codes & Descriptions
